for this tutorial today I'm going to
show you how you can adjust the settings
of your profile so you can modify things
such as your avatar picture and contact
info you can see here I'm already under
my student account then I'm going to go
up top to settings here's where you can
upload a file you can make a you new
avatar picture just click on the file
that you want and hit open and
automatically come up you can also have
some pre-selected avatars on here
already and if you need to go back in
this is also a time where you can change
your password or you can give little
additional things that your first name
things like that the big thing I like to
change is if you put in your email to
begin with when you made your account
you can make sure that every time
especially if you're the teacher you can
get an email sent to you I normally tell
my students that they should just do it
for assignments direct messages and
notes if they like or really just
assignment in direct messages this means
so that every time that I post an
assignment or a message directly to them
they were going to get an email about it
if you're the teacher I would recommend
that you check off all these things if
you like it especially comes in handy
when you're trying to track down
cyberbullying and if teachers or you
know your students are trying to post
inappropriate things hit save
notifications you can also go down to a
text message add in your phone number
and your provider and again only tell
your students to do this option as long
as they have unlimited text messaging
and again if they do just do assignments
and direct messages or their phones are
going to blow up put in their full phone
select your provider and hit save
notifications it's a great way to
connect with your students especially if
they have a smartphone or an iPod they
could send messages back and forth each
other